basic-a-resolution: 
This test tries to resolve a straight A record that is directly available in
the database.
	Passed test basic-a-resolution

multi-step-cname-resolution: 
CNAMEs can be chained and an authoritative nameserver should follow an
arbitrary number of CNAME chains internally. This test uses 3 chains for
four records.
	Passed test multi-step-cname-resolution

one-step-cname-resolution: 
Tries to resolve the A for www.example.com, which is a CNAME to
outpost.example.com, which has an A record, and which should appear in the
additional section.
	Passed test one-step-cname-resolution

non-existing-record-other-types-exist: 
When asking for a record/type combination which does not exist, but the
record in question does have other types available, a nameserver should
return an authoritative empty no-error packet, and NOT set NXDOMAIN.
	Passed test non-existing-record-other-types-exist

nxdomain-for-unknown-record: 
When authoritative for a domain and sure that the entire record does not
exist, an no referral NS is available, send an empty packet with 'NXDOMAIN'
in the flags ('data error').
	Passed test nxdomain-for-unknown-record

mx-with-simple-additional-processing: 
Example.com has two MX records, one of which is out-of-bailiwick and should
not receive additional processing. The other is internal to the zone and has
three A records, which should all be in the additional section
	Passed test mx-with-simple-additional-processing

too-big-for-udp-query: 
UDP dns packets can only be 512 bytes long - when they are longer, they need
to get truncated, and have the 'TC' bit set, to inform the client that they
need to requery over TCP. This query has debugging information from dig
turned on so the script can check that the switch to TCP is happening.
	Failed test too-big-for-udp-query

pretty-big-packet: 
DNS employs label compression to fit big answers in a small packet. This
test performs a query that without proper compression would not fit. Runs
dig in debug mode which makes proper operation very dependent on your
version of dig.
	Passed test pretty-big-packet

any-query: 
An ANY query should return in the answer section all records with a certain
qname. All these queries should receive, if applicable, additional
processing and further records in the additional section.
	Passed test any-query

cname-loop-breakout: 
A CNAME loop should return a SERVFAIL pretty rapidly, and terminate.
	Passed test cname-loop-breakout

